Rewrote ui READMEs to reflect current layout (#106)
ADAH-EviDENce/evidence: ui/ui/README.md

- Run in ./ui: `npm install`

## Build & run

> See [../README.md#steps-to-get-the-frontend-up-and-running](../README.md#steps-to-get-the-frontend-up-and-running).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [/README.md#build-the-user-interface-web-application-and-start-it](/README.md#build-the-user-interface-web-application-and-start-it).
```

> To run Go web service (one level up) and React app from different hosts then the React app must be build with env var `REACT_APP_HOST` set to the host URL of Go web service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the Go web service (one level up) and the React app from different hosts, the React app must be built with environment variable `REACT_APP_HOST` set to the host URL of the Go web service.
```

## React Starter App

> 

Reviewer: I wonder if we should do anything about the legal matters in /ui/README.md ?

Author: please create a separate issue for this
